I wanted to talk to you about something
I bought to travel with and also for
when it rains such as in England I'm
here in Colombia right now and can deal
in salento and when it rains this
serious rain so I have this back away
jacket it's made by regardless if you
can see that regatta men's jacket he's a
pack away too or something and as you
see I bought the extra small I'll
explain why I'll also explain why this
is good and why you have to be careful
first of all notice it has little belt
loop so that's pretty useful if you want
to just attach it there or on your bag
instead of stuff and inside now we pull
the drawstring leather jacket out throw
that away and they suggest it comes with
a hood which can be folded back as a
hook
for obvious uses and then slip you know
logos so it's pretty cool Tuesday
pockets with a decent size
and obviously the main zip I bought
extra small because it fits nice and
snug however when I zip it up the bottom
bit here is a bit too tight but that's
not a big deal
however it is impermeable if you have
will protect you from the rain but
notice it's probably hard to tell it has
no Vince so if you're doing something
active but if it's you're quite warm you
may well build up this pipe inside of
course you can deal with that with a
marine or base layer but maybe you want
to take note but this was dead she packs
away it easy so I would recommend that
saved you get in the really big
waterproof and it can be for all the way
and stopped
into the sack if you want so as you
watch me awkwardly do this check it out
online see if you want to get yourself
one I got mine from go outdoors in the
UK but you'll get these or a version of
anyway probably worth multi-fit the bag
itself that it comes in the little stuff
sack there's all those holes so I guess
that gives a bit of a I like to let mind
air out a bit if I've been in some
serious rain says it's a breathable
fabric but if it's a bit warm just be
careful still find it very useful and I
would recommend that if you're a
traveller take it easy we call peace